date: November 15 2016, 2016
meeting_type: ta # meeting_type can "group", "ta", or "instructor"
attendance: [<jhuang42>, <iacaneda>, <wlstewar>]
absent: [<mpierone>]
excused_absences: [
  <mpierone>, resigned the course
  ]
task_progress: [ # All group members must be included here even if they haven't made any progress since the last meeting
  {ubit: <iacaneda>, progress: Started using Spotify SDK to log into Spotify, but fixing issues with
  loading the chromium window},
  {ubit: <jhuang42>, progress: Made an attempt at the fragmentization of the current code, will need to continue
  working on it since it is not functioning as desired.},
  {ubit: <wlstewar>, progress: Was able to get the Python script working and will now look for a way to plug the
  script in. Worked on Google play and also worked on fragments.}

issues: [ # Post any issues here. Issues that cannot be addressed by the group should especially be included
  Matt resigned the course.
  ]
Notes:  | # Anything covered in the meeting that doesn't fit elsewhere.
