date: November 18, 2016
meeting_type: group # meeting_type can "group", "ta", or "instructor"
attendance: [<jhuang42>, <iacaneda>, <wlstewar>]
absent: [<mpierone>]
excused_absences: [
  ]
task_progress: [ # All group members must be included here even if they haven't made any progress since the last meeting
  {ubit: <iacaneda>, progress: Attempted to create the playlist functionality. Worked on playlist screen, playlist contents,
  playlist selection.},
  {ubit: <jhuang42>, progress: Continued to work on fragmentating the activities. This has proved to be difficult due to
  the amount of code that needed to change to keep the functionality on the fragments. Created tabbed views for the
  fragments.},
  {ubit: <wlstewar>, progress: Worked on GUI related things and worked on the adding functionality to the fragments as well
  regarding the now playing screen.}

issues: [ # Post any issues here. Issues that cannot be addressed by the group should especially be included
  ]
Notes:  | # Anything covered in the meeting that doesn't fit elsewhere.
