date: November 20, 2016
meeting_type: group # meeting_type can "group", "ta", or "instructor"
attendance: [<jhuang42>, <iacaneda>, <wlstewar>]
absent: [<mpierone>]
excused_absences: [
  ]
task_progress: [ # All group members must be included here even if they haven't made any progress since the last meeting
  {ubit: <iacaneda>, progress: Was able to get the login working for the Spotify API},
  {ubit: <jhuang42>, progress: Was able to fragmentate the library screen and the now playing screen.},
  {ubit: <wlstewar>, progress: Was able to get most of the play next and the sorting of the play lists. Sorted by artist,
  album, and title.}

issues: [ # Post any issues here. Issues that cannot be addressed by the group should especially be included
  ]
Notes:  | # Anything covered in the meeting that doesn't fit elsewhere.
