date: November 7, 2016
meeting_type: ta # meeting_type can "group", "ta", or "instructor"
attendance: [<wlstewar>, <jhuang42>, <mpierone>]
absent: [<jhuang42>]
excused_absences: [ {ubit:<iacaneda>,reason: attending funeral}
  ]
task_progress: [ # All group members must be included here even if they haven't made any progress since the last meeting
  {ubit: <iacaneda>, progress: none},
  {ubit: <jhuang42>, progress: none},
  {ubit: <mpierone>, progress: none},
  {ubit: <wlstewar>, progress: none}

issues: [ # Post any issues here. Issues that cannot be addressed by the group should especially be included
  ]
Notes:  | # Anything covered in the meeting that doesn't fit elsewhere.
- Going to discuss actual tasks tomorrow in week 2 TA meeting.
- Prepare real tasks for tomorrow.
- Figure out documentation on fragments.