date: October 08, 2016
meeting_type: group
attendance: [<mpierone>, <wstewar>, <jhuang42>, <iacaneda>]
absent: []
excused_absences: [ 
  ]
task_progress: [ # All group members must be included here even if they haven't made any progress since the last meeting
  {ubit: <mpierone>, progress: got play/pause button to work. Only worked with the embedded song file},
  {ubit: <iacaneda>, progress: worked on pulling ID3 tags using built in libraries},
  {ubit: <jhuang42>, progress:working on populating list view of the library},
  {ubit: <wlstewar>, progress: worked on getting music playback working},
  ]
issues: [ song directed isn't showing files, even though they are there. 
  ]
Notes:  | # Anything covered in the meeting that doesn't fit elsewhere.
  