date: October 09, 2016
meeting_type: group #
attendance: [<mpierone>, <wstewar>, <jhuang42>]
absent: [<iacaneda>]
excused_absences: [ {ubit:<iacaneda>, reason: had to work} 
  ]
task_progress: [ # All group members must be included here even if they haven't made any progress since the last meeting
  {ubit: <mpierone>, progress: Play/pause, previous, and next buttons stubbed out. Helping with library issues},
  {ubit: <iacaneda>, progress: working on library population},
  {ubit: <jhuang42>, progress: working on populating library list},
  {ubit: <wstewar>, progress: Worked on MPC class. Helping with libray issues},
  ]
issues: [ library list is being extremely uncooperative. All buttons on test screen need the library working in order to test properly.
  ]
Notes:  | # Anything covered in the meeting that doesn't fit elsewhere.
  