date: October 04, 2016
meeting_type: ta #
attendance: [<mpierone>, <wstewar>, <jhuang42>, <iacaneda>]
absent: []
excused_absences: [ 
  ]
task_progress: [ # All group members must be included here even if they haven't made any progress since the last meeting
  {ubit: <mpierone>, progress: Still working on button functionality. Finally fixed emulator issues.},
  {ubit: <iacaneda>, progress: Saving database, PHP creation for sprint 2; will focus on playlist creation.},
  {ubit: <jhuang42>, progress: Researching java multithreading.},
  {ubit: <wstewar>, progress: Progress on playback.},
  ]
issues: [ # Post any issues here. Issues that cannot be addressed by the group should especially be included
  ]
Notes:  | # Anything covered in the meeting that doesn't fit elsewhere.
  }
