date: October 30, 2016
meeting_type: group # meeting_type can "group", "ta", or "instructor"
attendance: [<wlstewar>, <iacaneda>]
absent: [<jhuang42>, <mpierone>]
excused_absences: [ {ubit:<mpierone>,reason: had a job interview and this was a last minute meeting} {ubit:<jhuang42>,reason:  last minute meeting; couldn't get in touch (was no problem)}
  ]
task_progress: [ # All group members must be included here even if they haven't made any progress since the last meeting
  {ubit: <iacaneda>, progress: playlists almost working},
  {ubit: <jhuang42>, progress: finished all his tasks},
  {ubit: <mpierone>, progress: finished all his tasks},
  {ubit: <wlstewar>, progress: finished all his tasks; helping isabelle with playlists}

issues: [ # Post any issues here. Issues that cannot be addressed by the group should especially be included
  ]
Notes:  | # Anything covered in the meeting that doesn't fit elsewhere.
-