date: September 20, 2016
meeting_type: ta #
attendance: [<mpierone>, <wstewar>, <jhuang42>, <iacaneda>]
absent: []
excused_absences: [ 
  ]
task_progress: [ # All group members must be included here even if they haven't made any progress since the last meeting
  {ubit: <mpierone>, progress: Created new repository www.github.com/mpierone/chromesthesia},
  {ubit: <iacaneda>, progress: Figured out how to add/commit/push/pull and set up new branches for GitHub by testing a dummy android studio project with mpierone},
  {ubit: <jhuang42>, progress: Worked on Chromesthesia GUI design based off of a similar prior side project.},
  {ubit: <wstewar>, progress: Filmed and edited YouTube video for sprint 1 functionality},
  ]
issues: [ # Post any issues here. Issues that cannot be addressed by the group should especially be included
  ]
Notes:  | # Anything covered in the meeting that doesn't fit elsewhere.
  {ubit: <iacaneda>, task: Working on playlist creation feature and coordinating with wstewar on coordinating the database to the playlist feature},
  {ubit: <wstewar>, task: Getting playback operational. If finished, will tackle setting up the music database}
  {ubit: <mpierone>, task: Make the buttons operational, and be able to toggle between screens},
  {ubit: <jhuang42>, task: Working on getting music streaming functional.}