date: October 11, 2016
meeting_type: ta # meeting_type can "group", "ta", or "instructor"
attendance: [<jhuang42>, <wlstewar>, <iacaneda>, <mpierone>]
absent: []
excused_absences: [ {ubit:<mpierone>,reason: had a job interview}
  ]
task_progress: [ # All group members must be included here even if they haven't made any progress since the last meeting
  {ubit: <iacaneda>, progress: none},
  {ubit: <jhuang42>, progress: none},
  {ubit: <mpierone>, progress: none},
  {ubit: <wlstewar>, progress: none}

issues: [ # Post any issues here. Issues that cannot be addressed by the group should especially be included
  ]
Notes:  | # Anything covered in the meeting that doesn't fit elsewhere.
- We need to start working ASAP if we want to succeed in this sprint / project.