date: September 27, 2016
meeting_type: ta #
attendance: [<mpierone>, <wstewar>, <jhuang42>, <iacaneda>]
absent: []
excused_absences: [ 
  ]
task_progress: [ # All group members must be included here even if they haven't made any progress since the last meeting
  {ubit: <mpierone>, progress: Still working on button functionality.},
  {ubit: <iacaneda>, progress: Still researching how other apps have achieved playlist creation capabilities.},
  {ubit: <jhuang42>, progress: Researching java multithreading.},
  {ubit: <wstewar>, progress: Editing manifest to access permissions on Android devices. Play functionality.},
  ]
issues: [ # Post any issues here. Issues that cannot be addressed by the group should especially be included
  ]
Notes:  | # Anything covered in the meeting that doesn't fit elsewhere.
  Start adding specific issues for each person for individual points. 